Clarify palettes bootrom behavior (#576)
gbdev/pandocs: src/Palettes.md

:::tip NOTE

> For most of the cases the boot ROM leaves all object colors uninitialized (and thus somewhat random),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most of the cases the boot ROM leaves all object colors uninitialized (and thus somewhat random/unreliable),
```

aside from setting the first byte of OBJ0 color #0 to $00, which is unused.

In DMG compatibility mode, the boot ROM sets the first 2 object palettes which are

> used by OBP0/OBP1, for more [see](./Power_Up_Sequence.md#compatibility-palettes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used by OBP0/OBP1, [as explained here](<#Compatibility palettes>).
```

Improving the link text slightly, and also we have a plugin that converts the section's name into an appropriate link.
